                fxt: A Functional XML Transformator
	       Version 4.1, June 05, 2003

	 ------------------------------------------------

COPYRIGHT NOTICE, LICENSE AND DISCLAIMER.

Copyright 2000-2003 by Alexandru Berlea, University of Trier

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and 
its documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that 
both the copyright notice and this permission notice and warranty
disclaimer appear in supporting documentation.

The University of Trier disclaims all warranties with regard to this 
software, including all implied warranties of merchantability and 
fitness.  In no event shall the University of Trier be liable for any 
special, indirect or consequential damages or any damages whatsoever 
resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether in an action of 
contract, negligence or other tortious action, arising out of or in 
connection with the use or performance of this software.

	------------------------------------------------

This software was produced with the help of software, tools, and code
from SML of New Jersey. Therefore we repeat here the copyright notice 
SML of New Jersey:

STANDARD ML OF NEW JERSEY COPYRIGHT NOTICE, LICENSE AND DISCLAIMER.

Copyright (c) 1989-1998 by Lucent Technologies

Permission to use, copy, modify, and distribute this software and its
documentation for any purpose and without fee is hereby granted,
provided that the above copyright notice appear in all copies and that
both the copyright notice and this permission notice and warranty
disclaimer appear in supporting documentation, and that the name of
Lucent Technologies, Bell Labs or any Lucent entity not be used in
advertising or publicity pertaining to distribution of the software
without specific, written prior permission.

Lucent disclaims all warranties with regard to this software,
including all implied warranties of merchantability and fitness. In no
event shall Lucent be liable for any special, indirect or
consequential damages or any damages whatsoever resulting from loss of
use, data or profits, whether in an action of contract, negligence or
other tortious action, arising out of or in connection with the use
or performance of this software.

	------------------------------------------------




